README.md, before:

# Fresh Air

This repository contains all the materials contributed by [Fresh Air](http://freshair.npr.org/) for [Open Audio Weekend](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/start-here). It contains audio files and computer-generated transcripts. You can download this entire repository as a zip [here](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/archive/master.zip). A [.csv](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/blob/master/manifest.csv) file and [python script](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/blob/master/get_materials.py) has also been provided to access this files programmatically. [Click here](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/start-here/materials) to view more collections.

## The Collection Description
[Fresh Air](http://www.npr.org/programs/fresh-air/) with Terry Gross ([NPR](http://www.npr.org/)). Since its national debut in 1987, Fresh Air has been a highly acclaimed and much adored weekday magazine among public radio listeners. Each week, nearly 4.8 million people turn to Peabody Award-winning host Terry Gross for insightful conversations with the leading voices in contemporary arts and issues. The renowned program reaches a global audience, with over 620 public radio stations broadcasting Fresh Air, and 3 million podcast downloads each week.

## List of materials
| Title | Description | Audio File | Transcript Files |
|---|---|---|---|
| **The Story Behind Mark Ronson's Hit Song 'Uptown Funk'** | The Story Behind Mark Ronson's Hit Song 'Uptown Funk' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/the-story-behind-mark-ronsons-hit-song-uptown-funk.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/the-story-behind-mark-ronsons-hit-song-uptown-funk.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/the-story-behind-mark-ronsons-hit-song-uptown-funk.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/the-story-behind-mark-ronsons-hit-song-uptown-funk.json) |
| **Ansari And Yang Explore The First-Generation Experience In 'Master Of None'** | Ansari And Yang Explore The First-Generation Experience In 'Master Of None' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/ansari-and-yang-explore-the-firstgeneration-experience-in-master-of-none.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/ansari-and-yang-explore-the-firstgeneration-experience-in-master-of-none.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/ansari-and-yang-explore-the-firstgeneration-experience-in-master-of-none.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/ansari-and-yang-explore-the-firstgeneration-experience-in-master-of-none.json) |
| **At 81, Feminist Gloria Steinem Finds Herself Free Of The 'Demands Of Gender'** | At 81, Feminist Gloria Steinem Finds Herself Free Of The 'Demands Of Gender' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/at-81-feminist-gloria-steinem-finds-herself-free-of-the-demands-of-gender.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/at-81-feminist-gloria-steinem-finds-herself-free-of-the-demands-of-gender.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/at-81-feminist-gloria-steinem-finds-herself-free-of-the-demands-of-gender.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/at-81-feminist-gloria-steinem-finds-herself-free-of-the-demands-of-gender.json) |
| **Actor Jeffrey Tambor On Transparent': 'I Loved It From The Very Beginning'** | Actor Jeffrey Tambor On Transparent': 'I Loved It From The Very Beginning' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/actor-jeffrey-tambor-on-transparent-i-loved-it-from-the-very-beginning.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/actor-jeffrey-tambor-on-transparent-i-loved-it-from-the-very-beginning.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/actor-jeffrey-tambor-on-transparent-i-loved-it-from-the-very-beginning.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/actor-jeffrey-tambor-on-transparent-i-loved-it-from-the-very-beginning.json) |
| **Ta-Nehisi Coates On Police Brutality, The Confederate Flag And Forgiveness** | Ta-Nehisi Coates On Police Brutality, The Confederate Flag And Forgiveness | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/tanehisi-coates-on-police-brutality-the-confederate-flag-and-forgiveness.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/tanehisi-coates-on-police-brutality-the-confederate-flag-and-forgiveness.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/tanehisi-coates-on-police-brutality-the-confederate-flag-and-forgiveness.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/tanehisi-coates-on-police-brutality-the-confederate-flag-and-forgiveness.json) |
| **From Ferguson To The '16 Election. Larry Wilmore's 'Nightly Show' Has Found Its Voice** | From Ferguson To The '16 Election. Larry Wilmore's 'Nightly Show' Has Found Its Voice | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/from-ferguson-to-the-16-election-larry-wilmores-nightly-show.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/from-ferguson-to-the-16-election-larry-wilmores-nightly-show.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/from-ferguson-to-the-16-election-larry-wilmores-nightly-show.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/from-ferguson-to-the-16-election-larry-wilmores-nightly-show.json) |
| **Funny Or Die' Creator Adam McKay Takes On The 2008 Economic Crash In 'The Big Short'** | Funny Or Die' Creator Adam McKay Takes On The 2008 Economic Crash In 'The Big Short' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/funny-or-die-creator-adam-mckay-takes-on-the-2008-economic-crash.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/funny-or-die-creator-adam-mckay-takes-on-the-2008-economic-crash.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/funny-or-die-creator-adam-mckay-takes-on-the-2008-economic-crash.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/funny-or-die-creator-adam-mckay-takes-on-the-2008-economic-crash.json) |
| **Jennifer Lawrence Looks Back On A Career-Changing 'Yes-Or-No Question'** | Jennifer Lawrence Looks Back On A Career-Changing 'Yes-Or-No Question' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/jennifer-lawrence-looks-back-on-a-careerchanging-yesorno-question.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/jennifer-lawrence-looks-back-on-a-careerchanging-yesorno-question.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/jennifer-lawrence-looks-back-on-a-careerchanging-yesorno-question.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/jennifer-lawrence-looks-back-on-a-careerchanging-yesorno-question.json) |
| **Son Of Saul' Brings Viewers To The Heart Of The Nazi Death Machine At Auschwitz** | Son Of Saul' Brings Viewers To The Heart Of The Nazi Death Machine At Auschwitz | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/son-of-saul-brings-viewers-to-the-heart-of-the-nazi-death-machine.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/son-of-saul-brings-viewers-to-the-heart-of-the-nazi-death-machine.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/son-of-saul-brings-viewers-to-the-heart-of-the-nazi-death-machine.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/son-of-saul-brings-viewers-to-the-heart-of-the-nazi-death-machine.json) |
| **Neil Gaiman On Returning To 'Sandman,' Talking In His Sleep And The Power Of Comics** | Neil Gaiman On Returning To 'Sandman,' Talking In His Sleep And The Power Of Comics | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/neil-gaiman-on-returning-to-sandman-talking-in-his-sleep.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/neil-gaiman-on-returning-to-sandman-talking-in-his-sleep.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/neil-gaiman-on-returning-to-sandman-talking-in-his-sleep.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/neil-gaiman-on-returning-to-sandman-talking-in-his-sleep.json) |

Commit message:

update README with usage language

README.md, after:

# Fresh Air

This repository contains all the materials contributed by [Fresh Air](http://freshair.npr.org/) for [Open Audio Weekend](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/start-here). It contains audio files and computer-generated transcripts. You can download this entire repository as a zip [here](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/archive/master.zip) or download individual files below. A [.csv](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/blob/master/manifest.csv) file and [python script](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/blob/master/get_materials.py) has also been provided to access this files programmatically. [Click here](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/start-here/materials) to view more collections and example scripts. [Click here](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/start-here#resources) to view additional resources.

## Usage
Use of these materials is restricted to participants of Open Audio Weekend during that two day event. Please direct any questions to [togetherwelisten@nypl.org](mailto:togetherwelisten@nypl.org).

## The Collection Description
[Fresh Air](http://www.npr.org/programs/fresh-air/) with Terry Gross ([NPR](http://www.npr.org/)). Since its national debut in 1987, Fresh Air has been a highly acclaimed and much adored weekday magazine among public radio listeners. Each week, nearly 4.8 million people turn to Peabody Award-winning host Terry Gross for insightful conversations with the leading voices in contemporary arts and issues. The renowned program reaches a global audience, with over 620 public radio stations broadcasting Fresh Air, and 3 million podcast downloads each week.

## List of materials
| Title | Description | Audio File | Transcript Files |
|---|---|---|---|
| **The Story Behind Mark Ronson's Hit Song 'Uptown Funk'** | The Story Behind Mark Ronson's Hit Song 'Uptown Funk' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/the-story-behind-mark-ronsons-hit-song-uptown-funk.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/the-story-behind-mark-ronsons-hit-song-uptown-funk.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/the-story-behind-mark-ronsons-hit-song-uptown-funk.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/the-story-behind-mark-ronsons-hit-song-uptown-funk.json) |
| **Ansari And Yang Explore The First-Generation Experience In 'Master Of None'** | Ansari And Yang Explore The First-Generation Experience In 'Master Of None' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/ansari-and-yang-explore-the-firstgeneration-experience-in-master-of-none.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/ansari-and-yang-explore-the-firstgeneration-experience-in-master-of-none.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/ansari-and-yang-explore-the-firstgeneration-experience-in-master-of-none.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/ansari-and-yang-explore-the-firstgeneration-experience-in-master-of-none.json) |
| **At 81, Feminist Gloria Steinem Finds Herself Free Of The 'Demands Of Gender'** | At 81, Feminist Gloria Steinem Finds Herself Free Of The 'Demands Of Gender' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/at-81-feminist-gloria-steinem-finds-herself-free-of-the-demands-of-gender.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/at-81-feminist-gloria-steinem-finds-herself-free-of-the-demands-of-gender.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/at-81-feminist-gloria-steinem-finds-herself-free-of-the-demands-of-gender.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/at-81-feminist-gloria-steinem-finds-herself-free-of-the-demands-of-gender.json) |
| **Actor Jeffrey Tambor On Transparent': 'I Loved It From The Very Beginning'** | Actor Jeffrey Tambor On Transparent': 'I Loved It From The Very Beginning' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/actor-jeffrey-tambor-on-transparent-i-loved-it-from-the-very-beginning.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/actor-jeffrey-tambor-on-transparent-i-loved-it-from-the-very-beginning.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/actor-jeffrey-tambor-on-transparent-i-loved-it-from-the-very-beginning.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/actor-jeffrey-tambor-on-transparent-i-loved-it-from-the-very-beginning.json) |
| **Ta-Nehisi Coates On Police Brutality, The Confederate Flag And Forgiveness** | Ta-Nehisi Coates On Police Brutality, The Confederate Flag And Forgiveness | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/tanehisi-coates-on-police-brutality-the-confederate-flag-and-forgiveness.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/tanehisi-coates-on-police-brutality-the-confederate-flag-and-forgiveness.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/tanehisi-coates-on-police-brutality-the-confederate-flag-and-forgiveness.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/tanehisi-coates-on-police-brutality-the-confederate-flag-and-forgiveness.json) |
| **From Ferguson To The '16 Election. Larry Wilmore's 'Nightly Show' Has Found Its Voice** | From Ferguson To The '16 Election. Larry Wilmore's 'Nightly Show' Has Found Its Voice | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/from-ferguson-to-the-16-election-larry-wilmores-nightly-show.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/from-ferguson-to-the-16-election-larry-wilmores-nightly-show.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/from-ferguson-to-the-16-election-larry-wilmores-nightly-show.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/from-ferguson-to-the-16-election-larry-wilmores-nightly-show.json) |
| **Funny Or Die' Creator Adam McKay Takes On The 2008 Economic Crash In 'The Big Short'** | Funny Or Die' Creator Adam McKay Takes On The 2008 Economic Crash In 'The Big Short' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/funny-or-die-creator-adam-mckay-takes-on-the-2008-economic-crash.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/funny-or-die-creator-adam-mckay-takes-on-the-2008-economic-crash.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/funny-or-die-creator-adam-mckay-takes-on-the-2008-economic-crash.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/funny-or-die-creator-adam-mckay-takes-on-the-2008-economic-crash.json) |
| **Jennifer Lawrence Looks Back On A Career-Changing 'Yes-Or-No Question'** | Jennifer Lawrence Looks Back On A Career-Changing 'Yes-Or-No Question' | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/jennifer-lawrence-looks-back-on-a-careerchanging-yesorno-question.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/jennifer-lawrence-looks-back-on-a-careerchanging-yesorno-question.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/jennifer-lawrence-looks-back-on-a-careerchanging-yesorno-question.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/jennifer-lawrence-looks-back-on-a-careerchanging-yesorno-question.json) |
| **Son Of Saul' Brings Viewers To The Heart Of The Nazi Death Machine At Auschwitz** | Son Of Saul' Brings Viewers To The Heart Of The Nazi Death Machine At Auschwitz | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/son-of-saul-brings-viewers-to-the-heart-of-the-nazi-death-machine.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/son-of-saul-brings-viewers-to-the-heart-of-the-nazi-death-machine.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/son-of-saul-brings-viewers-to-the-heart-of-the-nazi-death-machine.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/son-of-saul-brings-viewers-to-the-heart-of-the-nazi-death-machine.json) |
| **Neil Gaiman On Returning To 'Sandman,' Talking In His Sleep And The Power Of Comics** | Neil Gaiman On Returning To 'Sandman,' Talking In His Sleep And The Power Of Comics | [audio file (mp3)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/audio/neil-gaiman-on-returning-to-sandman-talking-in-his-sleep.mp3) | [transcript file (text format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/text/neil-gaiman-on-returning-to-sandman-talking-in-his-sleep.text) [transcript file (vtt format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/vtt/neil-gaiman-on-returning-to-sandman-talking-in-his-sleep.vtt) [transcript file (json format)](https://github.com/nypl-openaudio/data-npr-fresh-air/raw/master/transcripts/json/neil-gaiman-on-returning-to-sandman-talking-in-his-sleep.json) |
